The decision was announced after trading ended .
`` Any fool can publish a money-losing magazine .
`` But UNKA has a different spirit .
Mr. Lang feels that Time 's priorities changed .
`` We do n't have passive readers . ''
`` Besides , we have enough on our plate .
Both companies are regional carriers in the Southwest .
StatesWest owns 7.25 % of Mesa .
These claims would be UNKA over a 10-year period .
Business was slow because many companies were closed yesterday .
UNKA were closed yesterday .
It expects to be fully operational by next week .
The company does n't expect any shipping delays .
That facility should reopen today .
Company expects to be fully operational by next week .
UNKA to be fully operational early next week .
The company plans to be fully operational today .
Business was n't disrupted .
The company expects all branches to reopen today .
All are expected to reopen soon .
The company expects to resume full operations by today .
Production resumed yesterday .
Office closed yesterday at UNKA p.m. EDT .
UNKA yesterday due to power difficulties .
So why even consider UNKA UNKA now ?
It 's a danger .
We know it 's there .
In California , this is the reality .
Other , as yet UNKA , cities will follow .
The country was renamed the Republic of Hungary .
The shuttle is slated to return Monday to California .
I doubt that .
I add two others .
The UNKA ?
`` We do n't disclose UNKA . ''
Sotheby 's has been aggressively promoting the Dorrance sale .
There may be forces that would delay this scenario .
The Dow Jones industrials gained UNKA , to UNKA .
The business includes Beefeater gin .
Markets --
Stocks : Volume UNKA shares .
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index UNKA , off
Estimated volume was three million ounces .
UNKA terminals were also largely UNKA , they said .
In other commodity markets yesterday :
UNKA :
UNKA :
Futures prices extended Tuesday 's gains .
UNKA AND UNKA :
Only two of 111 transplants have been rejected .
UNKA by 25 students
Of Douglas UNKA 's UNKA Economics Class ,
University of South Carolina
Columbia , S.C .
UNKA Foster
UNKA , Va .
N. Joseph UNKA
Miami UNKA , Fla .
And what about insurance firms ?
John W. UNKA
UNKA , UNKA .
Tom UNKA
UNKA , Texas
Too bad theory fails in practice .
We consumers tend to have long memories .
Chris Edgar
UNKA Beach , S.C .
It works .
UNKA were lengthy -- nobody moved or UNKA .
This kind of theater was new to us .
`` That 's OK , '' Mr. UNKA replies .
I 'm encouraged by the action . ''
Overall OTC insurance issues were mixed .
UNKA fell 1\/8 to 32 5\/8 on UNKA shares .
But most of those stocks fared well .
Intel also added 3\/8 to 33 7\/8 .
But Sun Microsystems slipped 1\/4 to 17 1\/4 .
Connaught is a biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concern .
We 're talking real money .
Why is this happening ?
No tax increases would be necessary .
In Washington and on Wall Street .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
But the offering almost did n't happen .
UNKA UNKA :
Mr. UNKA also declined to comment .
UNKA UNKA :
The two could n't be reached for comment .
Peter UNKA in Pittsburgh contributed to this article .
The UNKA have not yet decided whether to appeal .
Mr. UNKA 's lawyer said he would appeal .
UNKA :
But one UNKA effect is still with us .
The timing was perfect .
The UNKA had tried UNKA before .
Texas simply UNKA harder .
But Middle East supplies were growing in importance .
UNKA and economics UNKA .
What the UNKA started , inflation finished .
The issue used UNKA pricing .
Guaranteed by UNKA PLC .
Fees 2 .
Social Security and spending for poor people are UNKA .
House Speaker Foley ought to deliver that promise .
Those days are gone .
UNKA issues outnumbered decliners UNKA , with 103 unchanged .
`` People are UNKA small UNKA .
It was all over the place .
UNKA banks were stronger across the board .
Cable & UNKA fell 20 to UNKA .
South African gold stocks closed higher .
The percentage change is since year-end .
That cost rises in times of high market volatility .
All prices are as of Monday 's close .
The final UNKA factor will be announced Monday .
Cincinnati UNKA Inc. said it introduced two radar detectors .
Since March , exports have been virtually flat .
The numbers were adjusted for usual seasonal fluctuations .
Alan Murray contributed to this article .
The closely held company has n't disclosed sales .
Every major maker offers computers with color displays .
The position of chief operating officer is new .
It does UNKA the pain somewhat . ''
Tuesday , October 17 , 1989
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % .
Source : Fulton Prebon -LRB- U.S.A . -RRB- Inc .
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % .
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % .
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
Source : Telerate Systems Inc .
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % .
Profit from continuing operations rose 19 % .
Revenue rose 4 % to $ UNKA billion .
Mr. UNKA remains as executive vice president .
It also asked Mesa to keep the proposal confidential .
The carrier has n't yet turned a profit .
A sentencing date has n't been set .
The UNKA of theater is not entirely UNKA .
Mr. UNKA also has fun with language .
The UNKA did not give permission .
Where had all the money come from ?
`` I felt UNKA , '' he later said .
Worse , Salomon 's timing had been off .
UNKA takeovers are quite a new phenomenon .
Sometimes they are UNKA , but often not .
However , the phenomenon is not specifically Jewish .
So who knows ?
The U.S. has six trade promotion offices in Canada .
Both are mining concerns .
The expiration date had been Nov. 3 .
It can happen in any industry .
UNKA the present condition .
Show it 's business as usual . ''
That is n't easy .
The more recent losses were really devastating . ''
Mr. UNKA say he does n't blame Lilly .
It 's a tough thing when you ca n't .
UNKA UNKA on itself .
So , he advises , make goals UNKA .
UNKA Bell Corp. and Cincinnati Bell posted slight declines .
GTE Corp .
Operating profit of $ UNKA million was unchanged .
MCI Communications Corp .
UNKA Bell Corp .
The earnings drop had been expected .
Cincinnati Bell Inc .
Cincinnati Bell Inc. said net declined 1.8 % .
UNKA UNKA UNKA Inc .
Mr. UNKA had been executive vice president of UNKA .
Shearson is about UNKA by American Express Co .
Manville is a building and forest products concern .
Mr. UNKA declined to comment .
Terms were n't disclosed .
The results were in line with analysts ' expectations .
UNKA & Co .
The drug was introduced in West Germany this year .
UNKA Co .
Eli Lilly & Co .
UNKA was , nobody thought they looked right .
Is such a view justified ?
Clearly not .
About 20,000 years ago the last ice age ended .
The IRS hopes to fill the new positions soon .
More enemies to be UNKA with .
The woman had nearly died .
`` He has UNKA the art of survival . ''
A spy was born .
`` Noriega managed the whole thing .
He was UNKA .
It was a Friday in June .
The Pentagon UNKA the plan .
Prosecutors in Miami received yet another setback .
`` UNKA UNKA , '' Mr. UNKA recalls .
Yet , his political setbacks mounted .
Mr. Noriega was growing desperate .
Mr. Noriega 's proposal was turned down .
The end of the marriage was at hand .
President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice .
Not quite , Sen. UNKA contends .
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September .
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending .
The figures are seasonally adjusted .
UNKA % of the 1977 average .
UNKA is also the parent of UNKA .
White UNKA
White UNKA
Black UNKA
Black UNKA
The volatility was dizzying for traders .
This is a tough market . ''
They 're just as UNKA . ''
Trading activity cooled off from Monday 's UNKA pace .
Share turnover UNKA to UNKA million .
UNKA and declining issues finished about even .
Its shares added 3\/4 to 30 3\/4 .
UNKA Brands lost 1\/4 to 27 .
Capital Associates dropped 1 to 5 3\/8 .
Mr. UNKA had been executive vice president for operations .
John UNKA resigned as editor in chief .
Most UNKA measures were handled at the local level .
Mr. UNKA predicted unprecedented UNKA by 1980 .
There were many more .
Harry Lee Smith UNKA , UNKA .
This leads to a very special sense of urgency .
No , we are not UNKA .
Third-quarter revenue was flat at $ 1.02 billion .
Revenue was flat at about $ UNKA billion .
A spokesman for GE Capital declined to comment .
GE Capital has a working relationship with L.J. Hooker .
He declined to elaborate .
`` We do n't need UNKA anymore .
He succeeds UNKA UNKA , who resigned in May .
This is not nearly good enough .
There was no cost estimate for the second phase .
Both said the new plan would n't work .
It must be accepted by the court . ''
THE IRS UNKA several deadlines for Hugo 's victims .
The notice also grants relief for certain UNKA returns .
IRS Revenue UNKA UNKA describes the reporting requirements .
Brown 's story :
BRIEFS :
Most other states have enacted similar bans .
`` I think we 're making progress . ''
In major market activity : Treasury bond prices fell .
The dollar was mixed .
UNKA UNKA
-- George O. UNKA .
UNKA Out
-- Bruce UNKA .
Daffynition
UNKA : UNKA control .
-- UNKA Brown .
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases .
Citicorp
Analysts were only slightly disappointed by Citicorp 's numbers .
Wells Fargo
Manufacturers Hanover
UNKA Financial
March 24 , 1986 :
April 16 , 1987 :
June 1 , 1987 :
Aug. 6 , 1987 :
That is the truth . ''
Aug. 26 , 1987 :
UNKA admits payments of $ 41 million to UNKA .
April 22 , 1988 :
April 26 , 1988 :
July 18 , 1989 :
Sept. 15 , 1989 :
His recommendation was rejected by the government .
Oct. UNKA 1989 :
She said a more aggressive move was n't needed .
UNKA corporate , municipal and mortgage-backed securities also fell .
Refcorp was created to help fund the thrift bailout .
Another agency issue came to market yesterday .
Treasury Securities
Short-term rates increased .
Corporate , Other Issues
Mortgage-Backed Securities
Municipals
The lists total $ UNKA million .
Meanwhile , several new issues were priced .
The 6 3\/4 % notes yield 6.25 % .
Foreign Bonds
But Japanese bonds ended weaker .
Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge .
Yesterday , gold traded within a narrow range .
This is keeping the gold traders UNKA . ''
In other commodity markets yesterday :
ENERGY :
UNKA oil prices also rose .
November gasoline slipped slightly .
UNKA :
UNKA AND UNKA :
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS :
UNKA would control the underground trade .
In fact , they seemed a UNKA UNKA .
Local bankers and accountants help applicants fill out forms .
UNKA THE UNKA :
`` It was a timing mistake . ''
UNKA UNKA :
The repair shops are n't UNKA , however .
UNKA UNKA :
He will remain on the Banc One board .
A Beatrice spokesman did n't return calls seeking comment .
It was `` the Soviets ' Vietnam . ''
The UNKA regime would fall .
UNKA of refugees would rush home .
A resistance government would walk into UNKA .
Those who bought that illusion are now UNKA .
Not so the Soviets .
Moscow and UNKA must have found that information useful .
Who is going to carry the water ? ' ''
We 've actually read the speech .
This hardly sounds like an UNKA UNKA .
What 's really going on here ?
Their UNKA of him is no substitute for argument .
He will continue as a director .
He has been a UNKA director since 1985 .
He did n't UNKA .
`` Then there 'll be fair competition . ''
Why is the stock market suddenly so volatile ?
And , apparently , it is here to stay .
And that , naturally , UNKA price movements .
It added another 5 % Monday before stocks rallied .
Brokers do n't deny that .
All you get is risk . ''
The takeover mania also adds to volatility .
UAL Corp. is a good example .
Some people think the search for liquidity is UNKA .
James A. White contributed to this article .
That 's the conventional theory anyway .
The line seems UNKA thin for UNKA purposes .
UNKA Mr. Freeman have notice of this ?
Finally , was the information material ?
Mr. UNKA is a professor at Columbia Law School .
UAL was watched closely and traded heavily .
The volatility wo n't end soon .
Traders are already UNKA their seat belts .
Both Citicorp and Manufacturers Hanover reported earnings yesterday .
UNKA averages also fell .
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market .
UNKA UNKA dropped 1 3\/8 to 49 1\/8 .
Blue UNKA added 1\/2 to 17 1\/4 .
UNKA rose 5\/8 to 16 1\/8 .
UNKA jumped 2 1\/4 to 56 7\/8 .
The Amex Market Value Index fell 1.25 to UNKA .
Volume totaled UNKA shares .
`` That puts pressure on CD rates .
Conservatives have an important decision to make this fall .
UNKA cable partners could boost subscribers even further .
Time Warner declined comment .
The union represents about UNKA engineers and technical workers .
Its contract expires Dec. 1 .
It also would have reduced mandatory overtime .
Mr. Edelman could n't be reached for comment .
The dollar finished at its intraday highs .
Economists had expected a $ UNKA billion gap .
Sterling was unchanged at $ UNKA .
Estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces .
NBC 's winning UNKA has been canceled .
Terms were n't disclosed .
Mr. Bush had threatened a veto previously .
UNKA :
It would n't discuss a price .
Lee UNKA & Associates is to sell the chains .
`` We 've demonstrated that you can . ''
`` Ford wants -LCB- Jaguar -RCB- very much . ''
GM might UNKA .
Jaguar -LRB- OTC ; Symbol : UNKA -RRB-
Business : UNKA cars
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 :
Revenue : $ 1.71 billion
First half ended , June 30 , 1989 :
No replacement was immediately named .
A year earlier sales totaled UNKA billion francs .
An analyst cited weaker capital spending and exports .
It expects a $ UNKA billion quarterly loss .
Citicorp posted a 9 % drop in quarterly profit .
The move is likely to anger traders .
Three big drug makers posted robust third-quarter earnings .
Markets --
Stocks : Volume UNKA shares .
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index UNKA , off
It also will hand UNKA new markets .
Other network applications have very different goals .
UNKA may be sold next .
But Mr. UNKA sees much bigger changes ahead .
A price was n't disclosed .
UNKA injuries were reported .
The flight was UNKA for today .
India 's Gandhi called for parliamentary elections next month .
The pilots were meeting outside Chicago yesterday .
Goldman , Sachs & Co. will manage the offering .
Macmillan has owned UNKA since 1966 .
People in Glass houses tend to look UNKA .
And plays .
Either one likes it or one does n't .
His success is easy to understand .
It is UNKA listening for the now generation .
His more is always less .
Sales declined slightly to $ UNKA billion .
Robert J. UNKA
But Ms. UNKA says the magazine is fighting back .
WCRS Plans UNKA UNKA
Ad Notes ... .
UNKA were n't disclosed .
It adds something to the market .
Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus division also provides specifications .
But others said UNKA should proceed .
Both were right .
But other UNKA makers have their doubts .
Odds and Ends
The Pentagon is a UNKA house .
UNKA there for six years was really UNKA .
Some can be bought off relatively UNKA .
So far no one has .
I saw what he did to them UNKA .
It made my UNKA dance with UNKA .
We 'd get our UNKA kicked . ''
We had great success in Somalia .
-LRB- But who 's counting . -RRB-
UNKA did n't meet the deadline .
There 's no fire sale here . ''
UNKA are just part of the picture .
And UNKA has other problems .
The price paid was a record for the artist .
Mr. Paul denies UNKA and UNKA .
For several months , there was optimism all around .
Still , the incident was embarrassing .
He owns 43 % of UNKA 's shares .
Still , predicting is tricky .
Art indexes track winners , not losers .
`` They were a UNKA .
Everybody was out buying UNKA . ''
They were protecting his interests . ''
Mr. Paul UNKA in agreement .
`` Do n't say it 's a gold ceiling .
UNKA do n't include taxes or transaction costs .
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
The climate was right for the new FASB .
It is scheduled for delivery in late 1991 .
UNKA UNKA remains chairman and chief executive officer .
No UNKA , but certainly no home run .
Some think investors should sell into rallies .
He found 85 still UNKA and 15 fairly valued .
There are still UNKA out there .
Many brokerage house officials also are optimistic .
Many investors have UNKA worries , however .
Hooker is based in Sydney , Australia .
Those days are over now , he believes .
This is no longer true today . ''
Terms were n't disclosed .
Terms were n't disclosed .
But opponents fear UNKA .
Three gambling casinos have opened in Poland .
Not all Poles are pleased .
It plans to sell UNKA units in 1989 .
But UNKA is expanding too .
UNKA is reportedly also considering such a plan .
Both posts had been vacant .
Other mutual fund companies reported even lighter withdrawal requests .
But funds generally are better prepared this time around .
This UNKA knocking down prices further .
Tom UNKA contributed to this article .
Central 's assets are $ 240 million .
Other companies figure they ca n't avoid the market .
UNKA is becoming an investment-banking job requirement .
`` But the UNKA 's just gotten longer . ''
Many companies are UNKA .
UNKA , adjusted for constant maturity .
Materials and production costs also rose , UNKA said .
The UNKA cuts to the quick .
An UNKA landscape ?
An UNKA mountain ?
I will UNKA devote myself to serving him .
' This is loyalty UNKA UNKA . ''
The loyal UNKA has come full circle .
What is UNKA ?
What is UNKA ?
The price was n't disclosed .
That 's not all , he says .
UNKA .
`` They look the same .
They 're very friendly . ''
That is n't all .
Jamaica costs UNKA UNKA .
New trade UNKA were signed .
It all started with geography .
UNKA his neighbors , the major U.S. steelmakers .
But such UNKA technology is only the beginning .
But that wo n't UNKA .
Moreover , the process is n't without its UNKA .
But steelmakers must also find new markets .
Still others are looking at overseas markets .
Robert UNKA , with the UNKA Institute , agrees .
Not to mention the UNKA of imports .
`` They 're dead wrong . ''
\*\* UNKA
If so , the damages could be tripled .
It 's difficult to be that consistently wrong . ''
UNKA is expected to continue until early December .
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , remained upbeat .
Securities analysts , however , remained UNKA .
International soft-drink volume was up about 6 % .
Total UNKA profit rose 30 % .
The contract was to run from 1992 to UNKA .
Mr. UNKA could n't be reached to comment .
UNKA also has an image problem to contend with .
The chair is a way to package UNKA . ''
UNKA were called .
`` There 's nothing like skin to skin .
Many bankers view UNKA loans as particularly risky .
literally .
The UNKA were wrong .
Meanwhile , there was an awful lot of confusion .
Is the market up or down ? ''
In fact , it was up 24 .
That was the New York Stock Exchange 's UNKA .
And there were other UNKA .
`` Today of all days , '' she UNKA .
`` The eyes of the world were watching us .
UNKA .
`` People will learn to be more UNKA .
I think the market is in good shape .
Should you really own stocks ?
So what 's the best way to buy stocks ?
\* UNKA performance , not annualized
Source : UNKA Associates Inc .
I 'm sure he still wants AMR . ''
But others remained skeptical .
Mr. Trump never obtained financing for his bid .
